I like it
not bad
good for tell me a little roo 14
skate that was here we're going to go out
we do not have many like this one from Santiago
14 and we were greatly facilitated by the entrance
this year again stronger
level
the bigger field with more helps is not
as a warm up for something pretty
fattest yet and monegros of the
blacks is common among us not a
largest event of constanza and
raid matches is worse international and
with a very succulent metallic award more
of 15 thousand euros in cash to be distributed
here our helped a lot we have to
thank in the first place the green
house
has helped us a lot and is the first
prize are a thousand euros to the first with a
vip trip and amsterdam two people this
paid the second prize in charge of
hard to the very good people and that too
and a third house plan prize is a
grow shop in barcelona also that
you also find a lot that
we also want to our them many
thanks to the three awards meetings
global navals what is
red hot and they form accounts of everything
punk rock hip hop call bar drum and
bass that will close out with all
good
how
I just
now
m
look
and of course
at that moment
spring
the afternoon very good atmosphere with the people
and the site and everything and good come back we have
been always if it 's better
perfect well this way we go from the
unforeseen results that now that he goes to
see what happens I did not free myself is not another
site that gets attention and that
it will be different